README.md, before:

# MGD Game
- UPD: 16 h spent
- 2D lights using Laighter + URP pipeline

*Images and Icons are DALL.E generated*

## Used assets
1. Joystick Pack (Unity Asset Store) - https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/input-management/joystick-pack-107631
2. Parallax Scrolling Background (lic: CC0) https://opengameart.org/content/industrial-parallax-background
3. XBox 50% Controller buttons (lic: CC0) https://opengameart.org/content/game-console-controller-buttons 

## Used Music/SFX
1. https://opengameart.org/content/menu-music
2. pixelsphere.org - https://opengameart.org/content/crystal-cave-song18
3. pixelsphere.org - https://opengameart.org/content/battle-theme-a
4. RPG sounds pack - https://opengameart.org/content/rpg-sound-pack
5. Player movement SFX - https://opengameart.org/content/12-player-movement-sfx

## Project Report
1. Target platform 
	- Both PC + Android, moveset was designed for both
2. Plugins used [R5] 
	- Cinemachine (Player camera follow, slight delay)
3. What have you done for [R6] (Editor Extensions)
	- TODO: Patrolling of obstacles (linked with DoTween)
	- DONE: Linking of background scrolling with other game objects, to simulate attachedness (lights, moon as examples)
		+ Pros: Background scroll linking with other objects, does remove the necessity to copy data every time.
4. Which topic is covered extensively enough [R7]
	- 2D game in general (+Sprites, +Tilemaps, +Spritesheet animations, +some tweening)
5. Which additional requirements are met [A1 - A9] ( at least 2 )
	- A3 - Particle Effects - TODO:
	- A7 - URP 2D lights - DONE (background, sprites, player)
6. Summarize what your game is about
	- Seeking the exit from the level, while trying not to die. 
7. What did you enjoy the most
	- Lectures were interesting to hear about for a beginner
8. What was your biggest struggle (I will try to improve my lectures according to that next year)
	- Did not have examples of projects or methodologies talked about in lectures, shown in practice
9. Are you satisfied with the result? 
	- To a certain degree, as I mainly explored Physics as means to fake tween the motion and movement of player controller + Animaiton and 2D lights in URP, so I'm happy with my main goals.
10. What will you recommend to other people picking the same game?
	- Plan ahead what you want to do, and gameplay, as mine is boring, but the character controller is one of the best ones I did so far. 
	+ I adapted inputs to both platforms

Commit message:

Done some tweaks, linked Master Audio with main settings, added scene links

README.md, after:

# MGD Game
- UPD: 16 h spent
- 2D lights using Laighter + URP pipeline

*Images and Icons are DALL.E generated*

## Used assets
1. Joystick Pack (Unity Asset Store) - https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/input-management/joystick-pack-107631
2. Parallax Scrolling Background (lic: CC0) https://opengameart.org/content/industrial-parallax-background
3. XBox 50% Controller buttons (lic: CC0) https://opengameart.org/content/game-console-controller-buttons 

## Used Music/SFX
1. https://opengameart.org/content/menu-music
2. pixelsphere.org - https://opengameart.org/content/crystal-cave-song18
3. pixelsphere.org - https://opengameart.org/content/battle-theme-a
4. RPG sounds pack - https://opengameart.org/content/rpg-sound-pack
5. Player movement SFX - https://opengameart.org/content/12-player-movement-sfx

## Project Report
1. Target platform 
	- Both PC + Android, moveset was designed for both
2. Plugins used [R5] 
	- Cinemachine (Player camera follow, slight delay)
3. What have you done for [R6] (Editor Extensions)
	- DONE: Linking of background scrolling with other game objects, to simulate attachedness (lights, moon as examples)
		+ Pros: Background scroll linking with other objects, does remove the necessity to copy data every time.
4. Which topic is covered extensively enough [R7]
	- 2D game in general (+Sprites, +Tilemaps, +Spritesheet animations, +some tweening)
5. Which additional requirements are met [A1 - A9] ( at least 2 )
	- A3 - Particle Effects - Used on 'cursed' objects
	- A7 - URP 2D lights - DONE (background, sprites, player)
6. Summarize what your game is about
	- You are the only person in the distant lands who is able to seek and destroy curses. This task for some reason ended up being more challenging this time. Will you be able to destroy the curses, or will the curse consume you in the end? 
7. What did you enjoy the most
	- Lectures were interesting to hear about for a beginner
8. What was your biggest struggle (I will try to improve my lectures according to that next year)
	- Did not have examples of projects or methodologies talked about in lectures, shown in practice
9. Are you satisfied with the result? 
	- To a certain degree, as I mainly explored Physics as means to fake tween the motion and movement of player controller + Animaiton and 2D lights in URP, so I'm happy with my main goals.
10. What will you recommend to other people picking the same game?
	- Plan ahead what you want to do, and gameplay, as mine is boring, but the character controller is one of the best ones I did so far. 
	+ I adapted inputs to both platforms
